From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Oh, weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist and Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number four Oh nine.
Recorded live Thursday, January 30th, 2014. This
episode of Hansel minutes is
brought to you by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklin.net makers
of gesture pack a powerful
gesture, recording and recognition system
for Microsoft connect for windows
developers details@gesturepak.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Amelia Greenhall
and Shanley Kane about the
launch of their new media
company model view culture. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes and on Skype right
now, I've got Shanley Kane
and Amelia Greenhall, and they've
just started a new media
company called model view culture.
You can check it out
at model view, culture.com. Thanks
you all for coming on
the show today. Yeah, thank
you. We're excited to be
here. Thanks. Got So, so
why create a media company
on diversity in technology? Yeah.
So when you, we looked
at the tech media landscape
in general, we noticed that
there's a major market for
a company that focuses more
on the interests, achievement, and
perspectives of diverse communities in
tech. And that is able
to take a critical stance
towards issues with tech culture,
produce social and cultural tech
critique, and also explore the
relationship between technology and social
justice. So there has been
a major uptake in activity
in writing and community interests
around these topics, but no
tech media company that was
focused specifically in those areas.
So we really see this
as serving a market. That's
currently underserved by the tech
community today. And it seems
like this is more than
just an issue of, of,
of women in technology. I
mean, you happen to be
two women that have started
it, but looking at your
list of authors, you have
a pretty diverse group. It
doesn't appear that you are
thinking about this in terms
of women in tech, which
would be just another, I
guess, overly narrow view. Like
in the sense of there's
a lot of tech writing
around men in tech, they're
not going out of their
way to make it about
men in tech. They're just
kind of writing about, you
know what I mean? It's
not like tech crunch is
welcome to tech crunch, white
men in technology, but inevitably
that kind of is what
happened. Are you writing about
kind of the opposite of
that? Are you trying to
say this is about everything
that is not men in
tech or is it, is
it even So I think
it's, it's that there's just
so much writing and organization
and community coming together. So
we're seeing and more a
part of, and then other
satellite communities that we really
appreciate their voices that we
just aren't and haven't been
seeing be published in the
mainstream media. And so, you
know, we we've been publishing
short and long original pieces
like news pieces, columns, and
all this stuff is hovering.
Just like issues that haven't
been able to get out
there or get covered in
traditional media right now. Yeah.
I think there's a lot
of focus on women in
tech right now, which is
really great and really important.
And that ultimately agenda is
only one aspect of diversity.
You also have to look
at gender identity and presentation,
sexuality, race, ethnicity, disabilities, different
different aspects of the community
and not just focus on,
on one specific group. So
we're hoping to do that
with our publication. Yeah. As
a myself, I mean, I'm
a, you know, a kind
of a generic, a cisgendered
straight white guy. And as
I started to explore these
other kind of either marginalized
or smaller groups of, of
people I've gone to different
hackathons that are focused on,
you know, black women hackathons,
or there was one called
trans hack for transgendered individuals,
I find myself thinking like,
why is this, why is
this needed? But when I
go to these hackathons and
these groups and these conferences,
the people who are there
are just so excited to
be coding or hacking or
talking to, or presenting with
people that are within their
group. And they're just so
jazzed about that. Why, why
is that, why is that,
why are these things needed
and why are they so
appreciate? Well, I mean, speaking
from a personal experience, I
got a degree in electrical
engineering and I was often
the only woman in class.
And it's just a constant
feeling of being, you know,
like a little bit like
you don't belong, even if
nothing over is happening at
the time. And there are
also issues of safety, like
physical safety and like all
of that just weighs on
you as like a, you
know, I am often harassed
like most tech events, I
would say like pretty much
everyone I go to, I
get some form of mild
harassment. And so when we're
able to make our own
groups that suit us and
are specifically inclusive in forest,
like just not having to
like armor up or feel
like that's an issue that
we have to be thinking
about it, like it's very
freeing and like, it does
feel really exciting That that
phrase that you just used
armor up. I think that's,
that's a really interesting one
because I think that that's,
that's true. I think that
the, the, the superpower that
I get as a kind
of a regular straight white
guy is that I rarely
have to armor up. And
that is, is freeing in
a, in a background process
that I'm not even realizing
is happening. But I remember
I was in, in Zimbabwe,
my wife is from Zimbabwe.
And when, when I'm walking
around, I was walking around
the streets of Bulawayo, which
is a small town in
Zimbabwe. And I wasn't really
thinking about it, but I,
I, I realized that I
was tense and I was
trying to figure out like,
why am I so tense?
Why am I so tense?
And I looked around and
I realized that I was
the only white person, probably
within a couple of hundred
kilometers. And my wife was
really tense too. And I
was like, why are you
so tense? And she was
like, well, you're here. Your
presence is making me tense
because we are now a
unit. And we are now
a mixed couple in a,
in a, in a city
that doesn't like mixed couples.
And we started to look
around and we could just
notice the, kind of the
furtive glances and all of
those kinds of things. So
we tried a couple of
experiments where she would basically
step away, she'd go a
block away. And when she
went a block away, she
realized that everything changed. She
became invisible because she looked
like everyone else. And I
became more tense because suddenly
my advocate was gone and
we kind of explored these,
these spaces in ice. We
spent a month there. I
mean, I lived in for
a month in Zimbabwe and
realized that when you are
the only something, the only
whatever in a space, there's
a, there's a background tension
that is there all the
time. And it's, it's freeing
when that goes away. Yeah,
absolutely. And I think, you
know, the other aspect of
that is by creating spaces
that are focused on diverse
communities and their needs, we're
able to address problems and
create solutions and build technology
that there's really not a
space for in the mainstream
tech industry or that the
mainstream tech industry isn't focused
on. So with trans hack,
you know, building software and
building technology that can improve
the lives of trans people
and with women's hackathons and,
and diversity of focus, hackathons,
building technology and resources that
really help our communities that
can address, you know, social,
social, and cultural issues in
our community and creating the
space to do that. A
lot of the mainstream tech
industry has focused on like
the next big social application
I'm in is kind of
out of touch with the
needs of, of local communities
and diverse communities. So we
give ourselves a space to,
you know, make technology part
of the solution in those
spaces. Do you think that
these spaces, these kind of
like sub sub spaces or
subgroups are always going to
be necessary, or do you
think that we're moving towards
some utopic future where a
regular run of the mill
tech conference would be safe
for, You know, I think
there, there will always be
a need for, you know,
smaller communities and to have
groups with more affinities and
more specific focuses, but it's,
it's obviously all of our
sincere hope that more mainstream
tech conferences and tech events
in tech spaces can be
more inclusive and can be
more diverse. And there's a
number of steps that, you
know, people can take to
help forward that. But I
don't think it's an either
or question. I think we
really need both mainstream spaces
and, you know, more private
or smaller or local spaces.
Where do you all see
the diff the defensiveness come
from? I think that when
you, when, when working with
someone who's part of the
majority system, you know, other
white men or other men,
there's often a defensiveness. I
found this defensiveness in myself
as well. Like, why do
you all need this? Like,
really you needed to make
your own space. Now I'm
excluded. Now, why can't I
go to women's hack or
trans panic? W w where
inside of us as the
majority is that, is that,
that defensiveness coming from, do
you think, I mean, it's,
it's really difficult to confront
your own privilege and sit
with being uncomfortable. I think
everybody faces that to some
extent or another, and especially
if it's the first time
that you're realizing, you know,
like I still catch myself
doing it all the time.
And then just like actively
try to like, read more,
read books, read blogs, like
read other communities writing so
that I can like, understand
what it's like to be,
not me, That's it. I
like that to understand how
it's like to be not
you sometimes though, I think
that when one can find
themselves getting into a, a,
a privilege kind of pecking
order, you know, and it,
and it shouldn't be that
way. Should it, I mean,
there shouldn't be like, well,
I'm more privileged than you,
but you're more privileged than
this person. And then, you
know, who's the least privileged.
It's not a contest. Yeah.
Yeah. Going back to your
earlier question around, you know,
why do we sort of
feel that sense of defensiveness?
I think, especially when, you
know, you're a member of
the group you've been raised
in a social structure where
you feel entitled to be
a part of everything and
go into any space and
have no, no part of
the tech community, that's not
immediately available to you. So
I think part of it,
you know, is dealing with
boundaries and dealing with, you
know, that sort of sense
of entitlement that, you know,
we are, or you know,
that some groups are raised
to have. Yeah, that's a,
that's a, that's an interesting
way to think about it.
It's, it's not fun to
not be a part of
the club and to not
necessarily be, I don't say
welcome isn't necessarily the word,
but you know, it just
not to be needed, you
know, there can be women's
hackathons and there's just really
no reason for me to
be there. And if I
did go to a women's
hackathon, I could get really,
I could fall into, I
think the term is mansplaining.
Maybe you could say, explain
to the listeners what it
means to be a mansplainer.
So one pattern we see
a lot now, and I'll
talk about it specifically in
technology that you will see
a lot of men in
tech explaining, explaining things to
women in tech, in overly
simplified patronizing terms that make
a lot of assumptions about
the woman's skillset. And that
sort of construct her as
being less technical, less intelligent,
less mature, less worldly. So
it's basically a one on
one type of microaggression and
is a site of sort
of how men sort of
demonstrate their power over women,
but also a way that
their stereotypical perceptions of women
play out in, in personal
interactions. What's a, what's a
way for me when I'm
in an environment. And, and
I, and I don't know
where the technical levels of
people are to, to level
set. Like what's, what's the
right way to phrase that
like, okay, well, I don't
really know what level you
want me to come in
at, but I, you know,
I want to basically find
out how technical someone is.
So then I can tailor
it to their level of
tech, not their gender. I
would say, just ask. I
mean like, Hey, what's your
background? What do you do?
You know, another thing that
happens a lot in tech
spaces is that people make
a lot of assumptions about
the roles and experience levels
of women around them. So
often, you know, minimal assume
that women are in HR
or in marketing or something
like that, instead of, you
know, starting off the conversation
like, Hey, what do you
do? Do you like, where
do you work? What are
you interested in? What do
you hack on? Stuff like
that. So I think just,
you get getting to know
the people around you and,
and making that the basis
of how you interact rather
than stereotypes and assumptions is
how, how you can address
that. Yeah. Yeah. I definitely
have found in my experience
that this is a process
and not a destination, like
I've, I was in a
meeting once in New York actually
recently. And it was a
bunch of people from out
of town. I think they
were from Brazil and their
English was kind of off.
And I was trying to
be rec I was trying
to recognize that their English
was not necessarily there. So
I brought my, my English
down to a, to a
more simplistic level. But at
the same time, it was
a man and a woman.
And I, even though I
think of myself as someone
who is aware of these
issues, I still kind of
instinctively gazed at the man
and looked at the man
and deferred to the man
when it turned out, I
learned about 10 minutes into
it that the man was
the assistant and the woman
was the vice president. And
I was kicking myself in
turn. I was like, Oh
man, what am I doing?
You know what I mean?
Like I kicked myself. I
was like, well, where's this
coming from? I was like,
well, it's coming from 40
years of of systems that
have set me up to
just assume that the big
giant six foot tall man
is probably the vice president.
And it was exactly inverted.
It was almost like a
movie where the little tiny,
petite woman was the VP
and the man was her
assistant. And I just didn't
assume that, and I was
kicking myself after that. Yeah.
I think, you know, it's
absolutely a process of, you
know, continually evaluating, you know,
the systems around us, how
we participate in them, how
we can sort of be
better members of the community
and confront, confront our own
biases and our own privilege
and just be better members
of the community. And I
think that's a lifelong process
for everybody. And like a
lot of the times that
means owning up to something
like, like you just said,
or, you know, listening for
a long time when you
would normally speak, like recognizing
you're in a situation where,
you know, you're probably gonna
talk too much. Or, you
know, typically this is a
place where people get talked
over and, and just listening
or, you know, checking yourself
before you give a compliment.
And like, is this actually
a compliment? Like I get
complimented on the fact that
I code and like, So
wait a second, you're a
professional developer and they're complimentary
complimenting you on that URL
coder. Yeah. Or that it's,
I've been told that it's
cute a lot, which is
not a compliment. Is that
an example of what you,
you used the word channeling,
you said that a microaggression,
so Emilia, if I compliment
you on, Oh, you're a
coder. Oh, that's great. That's
a microgrid. It definitely is
in, in a sense that
men, I, it's not considered
surprising or mold breaking or
like cute or special when
men have technical abilities, but
when women have technical abilities,
it's like, wow, I'm surprised
that you're technical. I'm going
to demean your technical abilities
by calling them cute or,
or turning it into an
aspect of your personality rather
than, you know, your profession
and something that you've been
doing for years, or just
feeling that you're in a
place that you can bestow
a compliment or like approval
on to this person for
what they're doing. Okay. So
let me, let me ask
this and let me, let
me kind of push a
little bit, because I want
to understand that I respect
where you're coming from. And
I think that people who
are listening, they want to
respect that we, if we
assume that most people come
into a personal interaction, not
intending to be aggressive, not
intending to offend, how can
we have interactions with women
or trans people or disabled
people or whatever, without feeling
like we, as the dominant
system are, are walking through
a minefield. You know what
I mean? Like I could
see someone maybe listening to
this show going, gosh, I
don't know what to say
anymore. Like, your shoes are
awesome. Am I allowed to
compliment you on your shoes?
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah. So, you know, I
would characterize that reaction by,
by people in, especially in
dominant groups, as you know,
irrelevant, mild discomfort. Like it's
not too much to ask
that you are considerate of
the people around you and
that you try not to
produce oppressive structures. And the
way that you communicate underrepresented
and marginalized groups in technology
face a number of challenges
from being paid substantially less,
not being able to get
work, being harassed on the
job in the workplace, in
the mainstream tech community, having
to protect themselves from online
harassment or having to experience
it or go through it
and not being able to
achieve, you know, or have
access to a lot of
the opportunities that mainstream groups
have. So, you know, I
find one thing that does
happen, particularly with the dominant
group in technology, which is
white men, is that they
try to turn all of
these conversations into about them
and about their comfort and
about their discomfort or how
they're feeling about it when
really that's not the relevant
part of the conversation. Eh,
yeah, that's what I would
about that. It's difficult when
you're trying to talk about
systemic inequality is within the
tech industry and, you know,
you have to comfort someone
so that they don't feel
like a bad person when
really we all need to
be doing, doing the work
and, you know, getting more
educated and doing a better
job. Interesting. I, I think
you're, you're definitely getting to
the heart of kind of
like the feelings that I
have around this. Like there's
feelings of helplessness, there's feelings
of defensiveness, you know, it's
like, well, I'm thinking about
all the tapes that are
running through my head. Right.
And you just said like,
the point is not to
comfort me. Right. But at
the same time, I need
to figure out where to
do what to do with
that. Like where do I
put those feelings? You know,
I mean, I should, presumably
I should channel them into
a dismantling systems. Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, I think that,
I think at the end
of the day, it's really
about moving from a narcissistic
focus on, on individuals and
towards community work and how,
and how we can start
to dismantle these structures and
that ultimately getting stuck in,
in personal guilt or, you
know, introspective feelings while it's
an important part of the
process, we need to be
able to move past that
in order to actually work
on the systemic issues. So
I think that's sort of
the ultimate, that's part of
the goal of sort of
personal awakening around these issues.
I mean, a good place
to start in that is,
you know, like model view
culture. One of the things
why I think it's so
important to publish is, and
like what, what brought us
to doing this is because
we wanted more of those
voices out there in a
more mainstream tech publication so
that, you know, it wasn't
shocking that these perspectives of
all these other people existed
and that, you know, it
was something that you could
read and kind of like
start to mentally model and
understand Is it, is it
appropriate for me to, to,
to be as a member
of the, the kind of
the, the majority to be
trying to think about ways
that I can help. Like
I I've noticed in the
last four or five years
when I go to conferences
and I'm on a panel,
if the panel is only
men or only white men,
I've in the last five
years, I've started speaking up.
I actually don't speak on
panels that are only white
men anymore. Is that an
appropriate, is that an appropriate,
but you know, albeit small
thing for me to do.
Yeah, absolutely. I think, you
know, thinking about ways that
we can use our, our
power, our influence, you know,
our in ways that are
useful to the community is
really important. So, you know,
as a speaker, I'm in
a lot of industry events,
how can you advocate for
more diversity? How can you
make sure that, you know,
you're helping under represented and
marginalized voices get the exposure
that they originally deserve in
the workplace, either as an
employee or as a manager,
how can you help build
more diverse teams? How can
you help make sure that
the environment is one that's
healthy and conducive to the,
to their success. And even
in, in online spaces, you
know, how can you help
give more attention to diverse
groups and diverse issues? How
can you demonstrate social consciousness
to the people around you?
And if you're a member
of the dominant group, how
can you work with other
people that share your privilege
on education and knowledge? I
think it's really important that
men work with other men
on, on sexism and that
white people work with other
white people on racism and,
and stuff like that. So
what has been the reaction
since you launched the company?
Oh, it's been really great
so far. Yeah. Where I'm
incredibly excited about the community
response. So far, a lot
of people have been in
touch with us saying that,
you know, they feel that
this company really helps to
address a market. That's not
being addressed in the existing
media. We've had tons of
writers get in touch with
us about writing for the
publication. One interesting thing that
we do is that we
pay all of our writers.
So something that tends to
happen in, in sort of
the mainstream tech media is
that people, especially people from
underrepresented marginalized groups are expect
to expected to produce content
for free. So we want
to make sure that, you
know, we pay all of
our authors. So that's been
incredibly exciting and we have
our launch event coming up
as well in San Francisco.
And we plan on doing
more community events that are
sort of focused around these
topics first in the West
coast, but then expanding out.
And then how is this
different from, is this an
online magazine? But you said
specifically it's a media company.
So I'm what, what other
things other than authorship are
you providing to the community?
So we are, we think
that print media is very
important. And so we've been
selling when we launch, we
are also selling these print
subscriptions. So small books that
will print quarterly with exclusive
content for them. And then
maybe some of the best
of kind of reprints added
in Like a scene. Like
if you remember the Xen.
Yeah. It definitely is super
inspired by seeing culture. We've
both, especially done quite a
bit of publishing of scenes
in literary journals in the
past. And there's just something
about actually, you know, having
your community have a, have
like books and have publications.
And, you know, we have
a conference we'd like to
put on a conference later
in the year. It's definitely
part of our plans. Yeah.
We're getting set up with
podcast equipment. So we'll be
doing a podcast shortly, and
we're also hoping to do
some video production as well
as news, more news coverage.
Like you would see from
a larger and more mainstream
tech publication. We also have
a weekly newsletter that covers
kind of like the events
that had happened in the
past week, in the, in
the tech world with like
a somewhat of a critical
eye. And then also just
like, what's interesting, that's coming
up next. So there's, there's
the website, which is the
ongoing regular content by paid
authors in the community. Then
there's the four kind of
quarterly books. So actual physical
books that you get. So
if you click with subscribed
right now, I can go
and subscribe and I'll get
these quarterly zenes for lack
of a better word. Then
it sounds like you're going
to build a series of
events. I'll be able to
go. And I'm like, you've
got your launch party coming
up on the 30th in
San Francisco. Do you anticipate
that the conferences will be
tech conferences that we'll talk
about issues of tech or
will it be just what,
what will be the focus
of your events? Yeah, so
we're still in development for
that, but you know, our
company is very much focused
on specifically the tech community.
So as we develop conference
ideas, we'll be exploring things
that are sort of at
the intersection of tech and
social justice in diversity. So
everything from software that benefits
a diverse community is to
how software does impact our
communities and other sort of
things in that vein Of
the, of the articles that
you initially launched, which ones
do you think maybe like
got the most coverage or
you think that are the
most controversial that people got
excited about? So we had
a wonderful piece by Kate
loss who wrote she's the
author of the boy Kings,
which was a book about
the early years of Facebook.
And she wrote an amazing
essay that looked at how
surveillance on social networks has
been gender. So for example,
people looking at photos of
women drives the vast majority
of sight activity on social
networks and has for years.
So she talked about this
idea of the surveillance that
has happened on new sites
for years, but how with
the, with the revelations around
the NSA surveillance, sort of
the power dynamics that are
there and some of the
political dynamics as well, That
was a really excellent piece
that she put together. And
she explored some of the
things that the NSA were
doing that were completely inappropriate
uses of power. Yeah, absolutely.
And drawing parallels to how
early startup employees have abused
technology in the, in similar
ways. We also had a
great piece that collected interviews
from many professionals in the
community that was advice for
people from diverse backgrounds that
are just getting into tech,
which was a really incredibly
well received. And we also
had some great pieces that
looked at the search for
the next sucker Berg, which
is a really popular sort
of construct in tech yet
in a variety of different
places, as well as some
stuff that looked at online
harassment on the internet and
the, in the intersection of
platform features with harassing and
abusing behavior. So really just
a broad range of topics
that are relevant to diverse
communities, but also look at
things from sort of a
cultural and social perspective. Yeah.
You've got a pretty amazing
group of, of authors. I
know that Courtney Ziegler has
got a PhD and he
is a, an amazing person
and a great author and
to put together one of
those pieces as well. Yeah.
He's great. Do you think
that you'll be putting out
new content kind of every
week or what's your, what's
your general? Like how often
should I come back to
model view culture? So we're
planning on publishing full issues
every three weeks at this
point. And then the quarterly
is get published four times
a year, but we'll also
have content in between issues
that look at current news
and events in the community
that will continue news coverage
at events. We're going to
be going to she's geeky
this weekend. There's another event
coming up in February called
lesbians, who tech on that
we'll have some coverage from.
So issues will be coming
out about every three weeks,
but we'll also hoping to
have a steady drum beat
of other news and content.
Do you think you'll do
apps as well? Or is
this something that I will
just use RSS and the
mailing list and then the
paid subscription to access So
far? That's the plan? I
mean, I'm the only developer,
so we're, we're kind of
growing as we need to.
And the response to this
has been really good, you
know, like the site is
mobile. So I don't think
that we need a specific
app yet. Yeah. It looks
like some of these, some
of these things like the
article by Kate loss has
already upwards of thousands of
hundreds of shares on Twitter,
hundreds of shares on, on
Facebook. So that basically went
viral, which is fantastic. Yeah.
I mean, we can't really
share like traffic numbers, but
there's a huge audience. Yeah.
I, of course I have.
I'm only gleaning your traffic
from looking at your number,
the number of social shares.
And when something's in the
hundreds of shares, then you
know, that people are reading,
which is fantastic. Yeah. That's
something that's really exciting for
us is that sometimes when
you look at different populations
individually, like, you know, this
population is only, this population
is only X percent of
people in tech. This population
is only X percent, but
when you actually add up,
you know, all the number
of people in those groups
and their social influence and
their power and technology and
their influence and their ability
is you're looking at a
massive market. That's really being
underserved by a lot of
the mainstream infrastructure. So we're
incredibly excited to be, you
know, one of the organizations
that is focused on that
market. Yeah. You have this
idea of an organizational subscription.
So I mean, I could
see where you could make
money by having individuals subscriptions,
but as with any media
company, you know, that people
are struggling with the idea
of eyeballs. How do you
think that you'll scale organizationally,
do you think that a
company would buy a subscription
or large companies? Yeah, so
actually the, the company's subscription
to the quarterly, which is
that you get packs of
books, you can get, you
know, sir, you know, bigger
numbers that are all shipped
to you to put in
your office or distribute to
your employees. Several companies that,
you know, friends worked at,
or just people that we
talked to as we were
repairing were like, actually, you
need to sell them in
packs. Like it was something
that was actually pretty actively
requested. I think that there
are some tech companies who
do like take an, you
know, an active role or
have employees who take an
active role in wanting to
support this kind of media
and wanting to educate themselves
and make their companies better
places. Yeah. I'm really excited
that you guys are going
to get into podcasting as
well. And the idea of
video, I would love to
hear the voices of the
authors sharing after the fact,
like if, if they, if
they break a news story
and then like, what are
the results of that? Yeah.
That's a great idea. We
have been reading your blog
posts back, getting into podcasting,
and we got this mic,
this fancy mic that you
recommended. So we're looking forward
to getting into that too.
So I think there's tons
of opportunities for, for media
in this space. You know,
we'd love to do like
an art show at some
point. So we have, we
have high ambitions, but it's
early in the game. That's
great. Well, it's exciting to
have, you know, fresh new
voices on the internet with
model view, culture.com. You've got
a great lineup of authors
that I assume is going
to continue to expand. It
sounds like people have been
putting in submissions. How would
someone get in contact with
you if they felt that
they wanted to have something
to share on the site?
Yeah. So just on model
view, culture.com, there's a page
for contributors and it has
all the information that you
need to get started, but
we usually start conversations over
email. Okay, Cool. So people
can go to model, view
culture. They can subscribe, learn
about events, learn about the
authors. And then if you
make sure you scroll down
to the bottom, you can
advertise, there's a link for
con contribute and then they
can follow you on Facebook,
Twitter, and Instagram. Yeah. Thank
you. Well, I appreciate you
educating me with some of
the basics and then also
letting us understand your new
media company, what you're trying
to accomplish and what the
future is from all of
you culture. So thank you
so much. Amelia Greenhall and
Shanley Kane for chatting with
me today. Thank you for
having us. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.